readme.md, before:

# Pop this quiz

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN I am taking a code quiz WHEN I click the start button THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question WHEN I answer a question THEN I am presented with another question WHEN I answer a question incorrectly THEN time is subtracted from the clock WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0 THEN the game is over WHEN the game is over THEN I can save my initials and score

### Angels walkthrough

* html
    1. Creating a home pagwith html and css.
    2. ! tab to begin. Change title and link css.
    3. Start with making a container found out you can use        .container tab to shortcut div with class.
    4. Inside the second div add h1 and button to start or view scores.
    5. Made a game html linked to both css files.
    6. Created the layout for the questions on game html.

* css
    1. Setting a root and * for default settings color, size, and spacing.
    2. Rem is relivive to the root size. 
    3. Going to begin centering container aswell as move the buttons and h1.
    4. Will add styles to my buttons.
    5. Made a game css.

* java

####

Make a repository with a unique name.
Made folder in my happy face finder api pop quiz inside folder then git clone ssh of repository using terminal.
Save as readme.md into java pop quiz folder then using vs code create index.html and then folder for assets (styles.css, script.js).
Start working on html and ccs to get position of each section once finish first attemt git push into repo.
Open pop this quiz after all folders saved, git init , git status, add . , git commit -m "comment", git push -u origin main

Commit message:

another attempt to push new endhtml

readme.md, after:

# Pop this quiz

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN I am taking a code quiz WHEN I click the start button THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question WHEN I answer a question THEN I am presented with another question WHEN I answer a question incorrectly THEN time is subtracted from the clock WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0 THEN the game is over WHEN the game is over THEN I can save my initials and score

### Angels walkthrough

* html
    1. Creating a home pagwith html and css.
    2. ! tab to begin. Change title and link css.
    3. Start with making a container found out you can use        .container tab to shortcut div with class.
    4. Inside the second div add h1 and button to start or view scores.
    5. Made a game html linked to both css files.
    6. Created the layout for the questions on game html.
    7. will add another div to show what number question you are on.
    8. i want to make a progress bar instead of number of question to make it fancy.
    9. created a end.html
    10. boiler plate with classes already made with a form to input a username.

* css
    1. Setting a root and * for default settings color, size, and spacing.
    2. Rem is relivive to the root size. 
    3. Going to begin centering container aswell as move the buttons and h1.
    4. Will add styles to my buttons.
    5. Made a game css.
    6. Add color for when you choose the questions red for wrong green for right.


* java
    1. Get elements by its id in the game.html.
    2. Make html collection into an array.
    3. create a couple variables using let.
    4. adding more constants to start and create points and to pull a question into the game.html.
    5. for each question to show is given a dataset number.
    6. event listener to listen for a click as an argument.
    7. now that the questions are done it needs to know when the game is over.
    8. going to make animations on correct and incorrect answers.
    9. get element by id to change question number.
    10. make an increment score to show score with questions.
    11. changed const to make the progress bar.
    12. get a referance to progressbarfull so show when it fills up.
    13. made a end.js file
####

Make a repository with a unique name.
Made folder in my happy face finder api pop quiz inside folder then git clone ssh of repository using terminal.
Save as readme.md into java pop quiz folder then using vs code create index.html and then folder for assets (styles.css, script.js).
Start working on html and ccs to get position of each section once finish first attemt git push into repo.
Open pop this quiz after all folders saved, git init , git status, add . , git commit -m "comment", git push -u origin main
